1 Whole Chicken or 2 lbs of whatever cut you want (for cleaner dish, use skinless breast meat)
1 16 oz bag baby carrots
1 16 oz box of button or baby bella mushrooms (mmmm baby bellas)
4 stalks of celeary, diced
1/2 yellow onione (or white if you're a yankee)
1 cup wild rice
4 cups chicken broth or stock
2 tbsp olive oil 
3 cloves fresh garlic, minced
2 tsp dried parsley
2 tsp dried sage
2 tsp dried rosemary
2 tsp dried thyme
Salt, pepper, cumin to taste 

For Whole Chicken, Chicken Quarters, or Chicken Halves
Place whole chicken in a large crock or stock pot.
In a large skillet over medium high heat, saute garlic, onion, rice, herbs (Parsley, Sage, Rosemary, 
      Thyme), celery and mushrooms together until onion is semi-transparent and mushrooms begin 
      to collapse. 
Season with salt, pepper, cumin to taste. 
Remove vegetables, rice, and stock to the stock pot and pour over whole chicken.
Toss in the baby carrots. Tuck in the vegetables and vegetable stock around the chicken if 
     you have room. 
Cover all of it with the chicken broth or homemade chicken stock (bone broth works too).
Bring to a boil over high heat (stock pot), or turn the crock pot on high, then reduce to a 
     slow simmer (either medium low or low). If you hate yourself, skim the fat off the top of 
     the pot occassionally. 
Simmer for 3 hours (stock pot low, crock pot high) or until chicken begins to fall off the bone.
Use tongs to remove bones.
Serve in bowls hot with french bread or salad on the side. Watch out for bones.

For Boneless Chicken Thighs and Breasts

Heat the olive oil on a medium high skillet. Brown your chicken pieces until golden on both sides.
Remove browned chicken from skillet to large stock or crock pot. 
In the drippings of the chicken, saute garlic, onion, celery, herbs (Parsley, Sage, Rosemary,
     Thyme), mushrooms and rice until onions are semi-transparent and mushrooms begin to collapse.
Season with salt, pepper, and cumin to taste. 
Remove chicken stock and vegetables to the large stock or crock pot and pour over chicken.
Toss in the baby carrots. Mix together if possible. 
Bring to a boil over high heat (stock pot), then reduce to a simmer (stock pot low, crock pot high).
    Simmer for 3 hours (stock pot low, crockpot high), or until vegetables are tender and rice is
    cooked. If you hate yourself, skim the fat off the top of the pot ocassionally.
Serve hot in bowls with salad or french bread. Yay, no bones!  